
Competencies 


Action Oriented
Approachability
Customer Focus
Dealing with Ambiguity
Interpersonal Savvy
on the Fly
Ownership Spirit
Patience
Time Management
Position Details 

Position Summary

Perform activities in support of Student Accounting functions

Principle Accountabilities & Deliverables

Enter requests for student refund checks
Verify and post drops, program changes and other student changes
Distribute/follow-up on student change reports with other departments for month end
Review and maintain the debit/credit reports
Agency billings and problem resolution
Maintain unapplied payment reports
Setup and maintain student invoice schedules
Generate and distribute student invoices

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Education / Experience
High School diploma or GED required.
2+   of accounting and or collections experience preferred

Skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where deadlines are essential.
Ability to provide flexible and adaptable work schedules.
Strong organizational skills with attention to detail.
Ability to gain, understand and apply information related to the accounting functions of the campus.
Ability to maintain confidentiality and professional decorum.
Knowledge of personal computer software applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook.

Abilities 
Normal physical activity including movement, hearing, seeing and communication.

Work Environment
Office environment.
Regular business hours, occasional travel and overtime.
General technology as it relates to office administration.

In this role you will be responsible for (not limited to)
Tax planning and preparing individual, C and S Corporation, partnership and non-profit tax returns
Maintains legislative materials by reviewing, interpreting, and implementing new or revised laws
Maintains compliance with regulations by forwarding required information to federal, state, and local authorities
Revises procedures by developing and streamlining procedures and worksheets for calculation of tax provisions


 

 
Job Requirements 
degree in Accounting
Experience working with ProSystem fx Suite (Tax, Engagement, Planning, Document, Scan), RIA Checkpoint, QuickBooks, Excel, Microsoft Word, and Outlook.
The ideal candidate would have 3 -5   of public accounting experience at a small to medium sized public accounting firm



Fotronic Corporation "Test Equipment Depot" is a reseller/distributor of new and used Electronic Test Equipment. Our National and International accounts include Small to Large Businesses, Government Agencies and Universities.

Working from our office in Melrose, Massachusetts, this position will join a team of accounting professionals that cover all aspects of a fast-paced accounting department.

Minimum Qualifications

degree in business administration, accounting, finance, or related field. Equivalent work experience will be considered.
4   or more accounting experience, preferably in a retail or wholesale sales company, with a heavy focus on goods-for-resale inventory related adjusting transactions.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to interact with a variety of functional areas.
Ability to multi-task, work under pressure and meet deadlines required.
Experience with Sage100 ERP (MAS90/MAS200/MAS500) and/or similar large ERP is a plus.
Responsibilities

Inventory Management - multiple-warehouse inventory reconciliation, inventory valuation adjustments, cycle counts, vendor return of goods orders and reporting.
Accounts Payable - Vendor expense invoices   entry, processing Purchase Order goods-for-resale invoices, purchases clearing account reconciliation and invoice problem resolution. Preparation of weekly check printing. Reconcile company credit card purchases of goods-for-resale and expenses.
Accounts Receivable ¨C Process and reconcile customer¡¯s electronic and physical deposits. Initiate collection contact for past-due accounts. Process customer returns, credits and refunds.
General Ledger income/expense, inventory and trend .
Completion of monthly and year-end closing process and preparation Vision and ability to identify, suggest and implement opportunities for efficiency improvement.related management reports.
Benefits include:

Medical Insurance (Blue Cross/Blue Shield)

Company paid Short and Long Term Disability, Life Insurance

401(k) Retirement Plan with Company contributions

Tuition Reimbursement

Job Type: Full-time

JOB SUMMARY:
The Accountant is an entry-level position and responsible for assisting with a variety of general accounting and payroll processing tasks. This position reports to the Assistant Controller.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Prepare and post fundraising transactions to the general ledger under the direction of the Assistant Controller.
Assist in reconciling and analyzing assigned general ledger accounts on a timely basis and resolving any resulting discrepancies.
Assist with month-end and year-end close.
Prepare assigned audit work papers and support.
Assist in maintaining , forms, and reports within financial systems.
Assist with payroll   entry.
Perform other accounting, payroll, or administrative tasks as requested.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor¡¯s Degree required.  Accounting or Business degrees preferred.
Prior experience with accounting software and payroll processing preferred.
Knowledge of GAAP.
Attention to detail.
Ability to maintain a fast pace and response time and to work independently.
Excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal and organizational skills.
Strong knowledge of skills.

One of Greater Boston's hottest VC backed, SaaS companies is looking to hire a Controller who has thrived in a smaller to mid-sized, high-growth company. While they would prefer a candidate who has experience in the tech industry, they are flexible on industry background. This person will be reporting to the VP / CFO and also have regular interaction with the CEO. CPA is highly desirable.
 
Some of the Controller's key responsibilities include managing the monthly close, preparing financial statements, and performing FP&A work. You will also be managing 1 Senior Accountant and 1 Accounting Clerk. If you have knowledge of fixed asset accounting that you can apply to this role, that would be very desirable. Great opportunity to pursue these work opportunities while working for a growth-oriented organization with a very enjoyable company culture. 
 
Qualifications:
CPA is a plus 
6-12   as a Controller or Assistant Controller 
Very strong organization and time management skills 
Very good proficiency 
Experience with Intacct, Netsuite, or Financial Force is desirable
If you would like to more details about this role, then please contact us today. 



The Accountant III position is a second-level supervisory accounts payable position in the Payment Unit.  The incumbent will review and evaluate payment requisitions to ensure accuracy and completeness.  The incumbent will review, prepare, enter and schedule payment documents in the Project Management Accounting System (PMAS) and the Massachusetts Management Accounting Reporting System (MMARS) for vendors and client agencies.  He/she will coordinate and track payment documents through completion; monitor and evaluate payment requisitions to ensure accuracy and completeness in accordance with General Accounting Acceptable Principles (GAAP), governing laws, procedures, rules and regulations.  

The Accountant III will review contract and State procedures to ensure payment requisitions remain within scope of services.  He/she is responsible for the processing of invoice payments in accordance with the Construction Reform Act.  He/she will review contract and State procedures to ensure payment requisitions remain within scope of services; perform audit control reports for invoice retrieval and reconcile all processed invoices with the Commonwealth Information Warehouse (CIW) reporting for daily capital expenditure reports.  

The Accountant III will provide technical financial advice to Agency staff and vendors regarding invoices and other related documentation.  He/she is responsible for recommending changes or improvements in agency accounting procedures or operations.  He/she will review financial reports for trends in major programs to determine their effect on spending.  Run and distribute Commonwealth Information Warehouse Reports, as needed.  Maintain payment filing systems and monitor documents through completion.  Perform related duties as required.

Detailed Statement of Duties and Responsibilities
1.     Examine and evaluate payment requisitions, extra service transactions, extra work orders, and other related financial transactions to ensure accuracy, completeness, and conformance with established financial and operational procedures.  Process transactions in the (payment voucher tracking system) Paylog System, PMAS and MMARS systems.

 
2.     Provide reconciliation of all financial transactions (i.e.:  Bond, Massachusetts Health and Educational Authority (HEFA), Massachusetts State College Building Authority (MSCBA) funding, etc.) through ad hoc report retrieval from the Warehouse.  Ensure compliance with State and Federal laws.

 
3.     Monitor, reconcile and report on invoice transactions and approval process as being in compliance with the Construction Reform Act.

 
4.     Confer with Agency personnel and vendors to resolve accounting discrepancies and obtain statistical information. 

 
5.     Communicate financial transactions and project fiscal status to the Payment Manager.  Monitor all pending financial issues.  Report rejected invoices and other fiscal discrepancies and/or problems to the Payment Manager.

 
6.     Monitor daily warrant reports to ensure payments are made in accordance with established standards.

 
7.     Utilize software such as Microsoft Excel, MS Word, Access, etc. to prepare financial reports.

 
8.     Participate and assist with various projects, prepare financial reports and  as assigned.

 
9.     Recommend changes to improve and enhance financial and operational procedures as required.

 
10.  Maintain filing systems for various fiscal documents.

 
11.  Perform related duties as required.


 
Qualifications
 
This requisition will remain open until filled; however, first consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days.
 
MINIMUM ENTRANCE REQUIREMENTS:  Applicants must have at least (A) three   of full-time, or equivalent part-time, professional experience in accounting or auditing, of which at least (B) one year must have been in a supervisory, administrative or managerial capacity, or (C) any equivalent combination of the required experience and the substitutions below. 
 
Substitutions: 
I.  An Associate's degree with a major in accounting, business administration or business management may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience.* 
 
II.  A Bachelor's degree with a major in accounting, business administration or business management may be substituted for a maximum of two   of the required (A) experience.* 
 
III.  A Graduate degree with a major in accounting, business administration or business management may be substituted for the required experience.* 
 
*Education toward such a degree will be prorated on the basis of the proportion of the requirements actually completed.
 
An Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. 401k Females, minorities, veterans, and persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply.
 
Official Title: Accountant III
Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston-1 Ashburton Place
Job: Accounting and Finance
Agency: Division of Capital Asset Management
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day
Job Posting: Nov 29, 2016, 9:03:19 PM
Number of Openings: 1
Salary: 49,990.46 - 71,259.76 Yearly
If you have Diversity, Affirmative Action or Equal Employment Opportunity questions or need a Reasonable Accommodation, please contact Diversity Officer / ADA Coordinator: James Hendeson - 857-204-1547
Bargaining Unit: 06-NAGE - Professional Admin.

responsibilities:at ge software, creating solution enable social, mobile, analytical capability industrial internet. industrial internet open, global network connects people, making  advancing critical world live in. ge, believe future healthcare, transportation, manufacturing. making world better. stay connected us. talent community today!job overview: ge digital method finding insight sets. scientist based capabilities, setting standards, identifying best techniques, influencing science use latest solve world complex industrial science problems, remote monitoring diagnostics across infrastructure industrial sectors, margin review, operation optimization.essential responsibilities:in role, will